Eric hunting has had it with the way
that people are going about 3d printing
buildings in a recent open manufacturing
thread on Google Groups he started
working out ways to improve 3d house
printing huntys two main concerns about
3d construction are related to the
materials being used and the proposed
methods of construction for instance
USC's contour crafting group and in
recent Chinese endeavor path focus on 3d
printing with concrete witch-hunting
believes introduces some unnecessary
weight restrictions
additionally the industry's focus on the
printing of entire buildings on
locations makes 3d constructions cost
prohibitive for anyone without access to
a lot of money as for printing materials
hunting proposes the use of recycled
composites he suggests that using such
materials for yield composable houses
with the look feel workability sound
characteristics and even smell of
natural wood in addition rather than 3d
printing entire large-scale buildings on
location hunting discusses the
possibility of 3d printing Micro homes
potentially using a robotic arm or a
robo crane with the Robo crane hunting
believes on individuals with less
capital would be able to construct small
building components in a two-car garage
it seems that Ohio University may
already have a patent for something
similar to what hunting is suggesting
though that doesn't mean that you can't
pursue it in non-commercially regardless
on the patent hunching brings up an
important point will 3d construction be
constrained by a prerequisite of large
capital invest
or Catalan maker community developed
some low-cost open source solution to 3d
print buildings in order for the
technology to be applied in the places
and situations this technology is my
benefit
you
3d printing industry news TVs brought to
you by 3d systems